RESUME 

JOUDBAMEHRIZ
 Engineering physics undergraduate at Eastern Michigan University
 Joahba@gmail.com | 619-317-9132
 
EDUCATION:
 Bachelor of Science in Engineering Physics
 Eastern Michigan University | Expected to graduate in May 2025
 
PROFESSIONALEXPERIENCE:
 ● The National Society of Leadership and Success– Member 2019- Present
 Selected by campus administration to participate among top students in a leadership program,
 then trained in leadership and success skills via a reflective and interactive training session,
 resulting in improved leadership skills, time management, and goal setting.
 ● The Eastern Echo– Opinion Columnist 2021-Nov 2022
 Aprofessional tone of writing, was achieved by composing opinion and advice articles
 targeting fellow college students to clarify and offer suggestions related to the college
 experience.
 ● The Eastern Echo– Opinion Editor Dec 2022-Aug 2023
 Professional editing experience, by editing and polishing articles composed by fellow opinion
 columnists.
 ● Eastern Michigan University (writing center)– Writing Peer Tutor Oct 2022-Present
 Attended a class to become a verified writing tutor and currently helping students with all types
 of writing. Ranging from lab reports to speeches and research papers. Resulting in highly
 effective communication and writing skills.
 ●Eastern Michigan University (Physics Department)– Research Assistant May 2023-Present
 Assisting a physics professor in research that involves improving global climate computer model
 that simulates the upper atmosphere of Mars.
 
SKILLS:
 ● Languages: Fluent in Arabic and English and intermediate speaking level of Turkish.
 ● AutoCad: Knowledge of interior design of hotel rooms, furniture, and parks.
 ● Inkscape: Knowledge of designing shapes to later apply laser cutting and build objects.
 ● Mathematics: Participated in Putnam math competition 2022 and 2023.
 ● Research: Participated in a couple of research projects throughout college.
 ● Coding Languages: Experienced in writing simple computer programs in Python.